undefinedArticle 1
Born before hoes. The most important rule of the Bro Code playbook.

Article 2
Don’t be hygiene freak. At least not with food. Specially not with food.

Article 3 
Stop braging about having an iPad. We all have it…

Article 4 
Jokes can and should be copied.

Article 5 
Thike

Article 6
No things that were and or are being discussed between any 2 or morepeople should not go outside of those 2 or more people.

Article 7
Remember your wingman duties.

Article 8
A bro shall not let another bro go full NPC mode. Real bros keep each other main characters.

Article 9
Never hit him below the belt.

Article 10
If a bro starts simping, it's a bro's duty to slap some sense into him - digitally or IRL.

Article 11
Your bros become honorary uncles to your kid.

Article 12
Never leave a fist bump and/or high fives, low fives, legendary fives, high infinites, etc hanging.

Article 13
A bro may not use cheat codes in real life... unless it's to help another bro get the girl.

Article 14
Make time for game night.

Article 15
Respect his car.

Article 16
Never forget birthdays.(18th Jan, 

Article 17
Always lend a condom.

Article 18
A bro's last slice of pizza is sacred. Violation leads to a duel of honor (or rock-paper-scissors).

Article 19
If cash is tight, pitch in for his beer

Article 20
Honor the men’s room rules.

Article 21
Conor your bets, and your debts.

Article 22
Hug your bros.

Article 23
Interventions are important.

Article 24
You just cannot get involved with your bro's mother or sister. It is one of the biggest violations of the bro code. A step mother whom he hates is still okay.

Article 25
When a bro pays you a specific amount of money understand what he needs.

Article 26
Anything a bro does in a drunken state is justified. Everything is forgiven for him. You shall make excuses for him whenever required, for he shall do the same when the time comes.

Article 27
Celebrate your bromance. If anybody, especially a girl looks down upon it, shoot her. They're just jealous because they'll never know what being a part of a bro code means.

Article 28
The fist bump is a form of appreciation. You shall use it to show acceptance, appreciation or a go-for-it. Use this weapon often to have your bros know that you're on their side.

Article 29
A bro shall never reveal another bro's embarrassing moments... unless it's hilarious and he's in the room to defend himself.

Article 30
A bro shall always be forgiven. Bros are for life, there is nothing a bro can do to deserve hatred. Unless he gets involved with your girlfriend. In that case, punch him in the face.

Article 31
DON’T TALK ABOUT BRO CODE!

Article 32
Discussions about a bros ex, are always appreciated only till you are discussing points supporting bro, or what he thinks. And that too only after he has moved on. (Exactly 10000 coke cans later, and/or after he looks at other girls like this 😏)

Article 33
You are a Bro till the wheels fall off.

Article 34
Nicknames are sacred.

Article 35
Don’t use the last piece of something if you didn’t buy it.

Article 36
Calling a bro Shit, noob, etc is always fine, unless his 'pasandida aurat' is in the room, or anywhere close.

Article 37
always share accounts

Article 38
BBQ tongs must always be clicked a few times before using

Article 39
If a bro’s girlfriend asks you about where he is, you know nothing – nothing at all.

Article 40
If a bro gets a new haircut, all bros must pretend to notice and say something vaguely positive.

Article 41
Do not start laughing at someone during a roast session if you are not ready to get roasted next!

Article 42
A bro never steals another bro's crush... unless he gets express permission, in writing, notarized.

Article 43
A bro shall always laugh at another bro's joke in front of a girl he's trying to impress. Even if it's mid-tier.

Article 44
If a friend buys you a drink, you don’t pay it back. You buy the next round.

Article 45
Don’t be the first to ask to go home if you didn’t drive to the event.

Article 46
If a bro invites you to an event, you must support the bro and show up if you can.

Article 47
A bro doesn't let another bro post a cringe story without at least one warning. If ignored, mockery is fair game.

Article 48
If there is a poop stain in the toilet, you must piss it off till it’s gone/out of urine.

Article 49
Cut your damn nails!

Article 50
Bro Code allows entry of a girl as a new bro if she proves to be worthy of the honor.

Article 51
A bro shall not cock block another bro

Article 52
Unless your friend murdered your mother, you bail them out of jail

Article 53
A bet is a bet

Article 54
Pranking your fellow bros is seen as bonding

Article 55
You must own at least one suit

Article 56
Bros must never ever share dessert.

Article 57
A bro doesn’t let a bro marry if he is younger than 25 years of age

Article 58
A bro must defend another bro in a group chat roast — then roast him even harder in private

Article 59
A bro shall not apply sunscreen to another bro.

Article 60
A bro always tells another bro if his ex is in the room — before he walks in with confidence.

Article 61
When a bro tells another bro a secret, he is obliged to take that secret to the grave.

Article 62
A bro must always order enough pizza for all his bros.

Article 63
A bro doesn’t ask another bro to accompany him to the bathroom, unless he wants to talk bout something.

Article 64
Bros don’t choose their own nicknames. Their other bros will be the ones to give it to him.

Article 65
Pizza craving is always common between all bros. Never ask fellow bros if they want some, cause they do.

Article 66
A bro must pretend not to notice another bro’s bad haircut — unless it’s really bad, then it’s his duty to say “it’ll grow back, bro.”

Article 67
A bro may lie to protect another bro’s pride — but never about his breath. Breath truth is sacred.

Article 68
Ghusun was ghiu naye

Article 69
Nice 😏

Article 70
A bro must always tag another bro in memes that match his exact situation, mood, or trauma

Article 71
A bro doesn’t let another bro text “What are we?” to someone. Intervention is mandatory.

Article 72
When 2 bros are in an argument, the third one should always be the one making the final argument. That decides the final thing… (exceptions- Akshit)

Article 73
Every Bro should recieve atleast 1 good video game on his birthday. Doesnt matter how cheap or expensive it is.



